welcome to rummy fight the best Rummikub
app available for both Android and iOS
play as many simultaneous fights as you
like select a fight and you will see
your opponent smells being made in front
of your eyes if you don't have the time
to wait just hold fast forward to get to
the end it's easy to create new fights
if you want to play random opponents
just pull any player out to any of the
seats if you pull one opponent out you
will have a fight against one player if
you pull three opponents out we will
either fight against three players if
you want to play friends just search for
them and add them to your bookmark list
search by name gender age country or
maybe how good the player is and once
you've found the player you search for
just press add selected and we show up
in your bookmark list then you can
challenge your friends by pulling them
out to the seats either you play them
one by one or a fight against two or you
can add a random player to make it a
four fight any combination will do
always available is a lobby shot it's
the perfect place to find new opponents
to challenge or you could discuss just
about anything if you click a player you
can read its profile you can also invite
players directly from the profile dialog
the app has a built in statistics and
ranking system and you can click on any
one in the leaderboards to see its
profile and statistics and you can also
challenge that player to a fight since
many devices have different sizes of
their screens you can pick between three
different types of zhuzh first zoom is
no zoom at all perfect if you play Rama
fight on a tablet then you have dynamic
zoom which is perfect for foes this will
make the app to zoom in on your tile
which makes it easier to place correctly
then you have double tap zoom which
means that it stays zoomed in or zoomed
out until you double tap again
the camera follows two tiles around but
you can also swipe the whole area to
move to another place this double tap
again and you will be zoomed out
ramified supports user-contributed
themes which means that all fights can
have different backgrounds colors and
characteristics to create the theme just
take a picture like go to the ramified
homepage on ramified se login using your
same username and password as in the app
go to themes and select a picture upload
it set the characteristics of the theme
press preview to see if everything looks
the way you like and then save it go
back to the app and the next time you
create the fight you will have your
theme in your theme gallery normally an
opponent have 24 hours to make a meld
you can also select between 5 minutes
and 72 hours when you create the font
choose your theme write the fight text
which your opponents will be able to
read before they accept the fight and
when you fight this running theme will
show up not only for you but also for
your opponents at any time you can click
on a player's name to see his profile
here you can also see individual
statistics between your boat from
previous encounters if you long click on
an opponent you will be able to send
them a gift the gifts can be anything
from throwing tomatoes and eggs to send
roses in love
but wait there's more ramaa fight is not
just one game it's two inside yang is a
hidden puzzle game called tempest it's a
great game to kill some time while
waiting for your opponents to make their
moves so welcome to Rama fights it's
available for Android and iOS visit us
at ramified daaaaisy